# CS-350
In these two project files I uploaded, both utilize state-machine patterns to respond to certain conditions and hardware input. One is a Morse-Code file that changes the message its lights output when a user presses a button. The second file is a thermostat that measures the temperature of the room and changes from off, to heating, to cooling based on the room temperature and the preferred temperature set by the user. I think I did a good job of keeping the code minimal and easy to read with plenty of comments. Lots of comments are not a bad thing and can help other programmers understand the purpose of each part of the program without having to decipher the logic themselves. 
One improvement I could make in the Thermostat project is to update the IF-ELSE statements. I can update the IF-ELSE checks to just check one condition instead of multiple ones to find the right state. For example, instead if the current temperature is greater/lesser than the set point in the off state, I can just ensure it is not equal. There is technically nothing wrong with the current code, but I can reduce the amount of code which can make it easier to read. I thought about this initially when developing the thermostat but left it as is for the sake of it being clear what each state within the machine required. I also think I could use some more comments on what some of the smaller methods/functions are being used for. Using plenty of comments and keeping a consistent coding style keeps the code easy to read and maintain. Using functions/methods makes the code adaptable as these components can be copied and utilized in other projects since they are predefined actions that just need the right input.
I think the skills from these projects most transferable to other coursework are how the software interacts with hardware and the use of the state-machine pattern. I did not have much experience with this pattern before, so it was nice to learn how the state-machine pattern is used to control software/hardware’s actions in response to changing conditions. A resource I am keeping track of is the draw.io website for creating diagrams. This website was easy to use without any prior experience. I have used similar online programs in the past, but those required accounts, draw.io does not, and it allows me to upload diagrams and edit them with ease. Draw.io will be a useful resource for creating diagrams in the future.
